[Music]
so the first emoji was created in Japan
in 1999 and people all over the world
have sent billions of them ever since
let's see how good you are at reading
them there will be five rounds and
you'll have seven seconds for each
riddle feel free to pause the video if
you need any extra time and check out
your results at the end ready let's go
round 1 idioms no not idiots idioms ok
let's start with a real easy one to warm
up told you would be easy or rather a
piece of cake
next knowledge is power
this one doesn't happen too often I say
once in a blue moon
don't play with fire and again you have
seven seconds for the next one
money doesn't grow on trees
[Music]
the pen is mightier than the sword and
the emoji is mightier than the pen right
anyway moving on barking dogs seldom
bite okay done with round one that was
just warming up though the next round is
round two songs did you count them all
there are seven of them so it's seven
rings by ariana grande have you ever
been running with the wolves looks like
Selena Gomez and marshmallow did and
even wrote a song about it named wolves
[Music]
this guy isn't the best option he's a
bad guy by Billy Eilish thunder by
imagine dragons
Miley Cyrus knows how to party in the
USA don't run please slow down
it's despedido by Luis FONSI how about
some old but gold kind of stuff can't
help falling in love by Elvis Presley
bicycle race by Queen and here comes
another Queens hit don't stop me now
Queen are asking you but we have other
rounds to play so here's the final one
in the song Department my heart will go
on by Celine Dion I'm seeing all kinds
of emojis here what's your personal
favorite open your phone and copy your
most frequently used one in the comment
section below
now it's time for round three famous
people the first celebrity of the day is
Tom Cruise a day taken on video with ham
oh that must be David Beckham you can't
confuse this one with anyone else it's
Beyonce
[Music]
isla Fisher and a really tricky one to
top this round Rowan Atkinson did you
guess all the celebs we have two more
rounds to go round for movies aha the
Lord of the Rings OOP jaws Ghostbusters
[Music]
pitch-perfect
the good dinosaur cats just kidding I
hope you didn't let the kiddies trick
you it's inside out Mary Poppins
[Music]
The Sound of Music Clockwork Orange Thor
throws in Paddington
[Music]
Alice in Wonderland
Hulk 500 days of summer Planet of the
Apes Life of Pi Free Willy it the
Martian
[Music]
Zootopia
Green Book
[Music]
a star is born
have you made it to this point well done
smartypants now there is just one final
round left
but it's trickier than all of them are
you ready round five countries Cuba I
hope you figured out it was a van
because the country name is Botswana hey
maybe a swan would have worked better
here
hey I'm just kevin saying never mind me
not sure if there was a lot of whales
there but it's whales Spain what's that
a headache
and the last one is Singapore so it's
time to draw the line
how many riddles did you solve if your
final score is somewhere between 40 and
50 I now officially announce you a
native emoji speaker don't forget to put
that on your CV did you get somewhere
between 20 and 40 points well done
you'll never mix up a face with tears of
joy with one with tears of sadness
finally if you scored under 20 points
congratulations still you definitely
don't spend too much time on your phone
or maybe you use actual words when
texting Wow
hey if you learn something new today
then give the video a like and share it
with a friend and here are some other
videos I think you'll enjoy just click
to the left or right and remember stay
on the bright side of life